Feat/6 add base documentation (#8)
SE-UUlm/snowballr: wiki/Architecture.md

## System Architecture

![component-diagram.svg](assets/component-diagram.svg)

### [Frontend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend)
- Built with [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
- Provides a graphical interface for user interactions.
- Sends and receives data via gRPC using generated stubs.

### [Backend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend)
- Implemented in [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) using gRPC.
- Handles application logic, data processing, and database access.
- Exposes calls defined in the API.

### [API](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api)
- uses [gRPC](https://grpc.io/) for the communication between frontend and backend
- Protocol Buffers define the communication schema.

> - Defines the calls implemented in the backend.

Reviewer: No I only meant the last bullet point is not necessary, i.e., that this defines the calls implemented in the backend, because this is obvious.

### Database
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) database stores all persistent data.
- Accessed only via the repository layer in the backend (for more information about the backend architecture see [backend architecture](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend/blob/develop/wiki/Architecture.md))
- uses [Exposed](https://github.com/JetBrains/Exposed) DSL to build SQL statements

## Technologies Used

| Component | Technology                    |
|----------|-------------------------------|
| Frontend | React, TypeScript, Node.js    |
| Backend  | Kotlin, gRPC, Gradle          |
| API      | gRPC, Protocol Buffers        |

> | Database | PostgreSQL, Exposed           |

Author: I created an issue for this.

> | Database | PostgreSQL, Exposed           |

Reviewer: Great

## System Architecture
The **SnowballIR** backend follows the modular and expandable Use Case Driven architecture. The division into clearly
separated layers enables high maintainability and simple testability. We also achieve clear data flows as a result. 
Communication between the frontend and backend takes place via gRPC, which ensures an efficient and strictly 
typed interface.

![component-diagram.png](assets/component-diagram.png)

### [Frontend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-frontend)
- Built with [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).
- Provides a graphical interface for user interactions.
- Sends and receives data via gRPC using generated stubs.

### [Backend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend)
- Built with [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) using gRPC.
- Provides application logic

> - Handles data processing, and database access.

Reviewer: All entries in this bullet list end with a dot, all entries in the following lists not?!

> - Built with [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) using gRPC.
> - Provides application logic
> - Handles data processing, and database access.
> - Sends and receives calls defined in the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Built with [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/).
- Provides the application logic.
- Handles data processing and database access.
- Sends and receives data via gRPC using generated stubs.
```

#### Facade layer
- The entry point for external requests

> - Checks the requests for authentication, i.e. whether they originate from logged-in users 
> - Checks the requests for validity, i.e. whether their content is valid, e.g. valid emails, values or text lengths, valid emails, value ranges or text lengths
> - Interception of errors from the underlying layers in order to return semantically correct status codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks the requests for authentication, i.e., whether they originate from logged-in users 
- Checks the requests for validity, i.e., whether their content is valid, e.g., valid emails or text lengths
- Interception of errors from the underlying layers to return semantically correct status codes
```

- All gRPC interfaces are provided here
  
#### Service layer
- Contains the business logic and orchestrates the application process
- Checks whether a user has the corresponding rights (authorization)

#### Repository layer
- Communication with the database
- Each service uses its own repositories to encapsulate access to entities such as users, projects or papers

> 

Reviewer: Maybe write a note that the architecture of the backend is described in more detail at (and then provide the link).

Reviewer: But then remove the link in the database section. Or find another way.

Author: I created a note and remove the link in the database section.

### [API](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api)
- uses [gRPC](https://grpc.io/) for the communication between frontend and backend
- Protocol Buffers define the communication schema.
- Defines the calls implemented in the backend.

### Database
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) database stores all persistent data.
- Accessed only via the repository layer in the backend (for more information about the backend architecture see [backend architecture](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend/blob/develop/wiki/Architecture.md))

> - uses [Exposed](https://github.com/JetBrains/Exposed) DSL to build SQL statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uses [Exposed](https://github.com/JetBrains/Exposed) as an ORM, i.e., use the Exposed DSL to build SQL statements
```

## Technologies Used

| Component | Technology                    |
|----------|-------------------------------|
| Frontend | React, TypeScript, Node.js    |
| Backend  | Kotlin, gRPC, Gradle          |
| API      | gRPC, Protocol Buffers        |
| Database | PostgreSQL, Exposed           |

> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Database Schema

The following illustration shows a general ER-Diagram of the database structure used by the [backend](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend). For 

> more information about to access the database or a more detailed database have a look at the [repository layer](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend/blob/develop/wiki/Contributing.md#repository) in the backend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more information about to access the database or a more detailed database, have a look at the [repository layer](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-backend/blob/develop/wiki/Contributing.md#repository) in the backend. 
```

Reviewer: I am not sure whether this link is the best option, because in this section I get now further details about the database, right? So maybe delete this sentence completely for now?

Author: Yes we can do this. I mean we already have a link to the architecture page in the backend in the database section of the architecture, so we do not necessarily need this one too.
